Gh-534: Initial docs for federated POC (#535)
gchq/gaffer-doc: docs/administration-guide/gaffer-stores/simple-federated/configuration.md

| `gaffer.store.federated.merge.collection.class` | `uk.gov.gchq.koryphe.impl.binaryoperator.CollectionConcat` | Default binary operator for merging [`Collection`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Collection.html) results from multiple graphs. |
| `gaffer.store.federated.merge.map.class` | `uk.gov.gchq.koryphe.impl.binaryoperator.Last` | Default binary operator for merging the values of [`Map`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Map.html) results when two of the same keys exist from multiple graphs. |
| `gaffer.store.federated.merge.element.class` | `uk.gov.gchq.gaffer.federated.simple.merge.operator.ElementAggregateOperator` | Default binary operator for merging Iterables of Gaffer elements from multiple graphs. |

## Merge Operators

A key part to the federated store are the merge operators. These control how
results from multiple graphs are reduced to one result so can greatly effect the
results returned by the store. As outlined in the [store properties section](#store-properties),

> these operators can be configured with defaults or overridden for a query via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these operators can be configured with defaults or overridden in a query via the
```

operation options using the same properties.

Sensible defaults are in place if not specified however, you may wish to chose your
own operators to be used. The only requirement for an operator is for it to
satisfy Java's [`BinaryOperator`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/function/BinaryOperator.html)
interface, you can then specify it using the property key for the data type you
wish to use it for.

### The Default Element Merge Operator

The default operator used to merge Gaffer elements is unique compared to the
other operators. This operator will only be used if element aggregating is set
to "true", either by default, using the store properties, or for just the query
using the operation option `federated.aggregateElements`.

> When enabled, by default the operator will attempt to use the aggregation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the default merge operator attempts to use the aggregation
```
Just makes the sentence a little clearer I think

functions from the merged schema of the graphs that were executed on. This
attempts to emulate how the data would have been stored in a single Gaffer graph

> as, entities or edges that are the same (e.g. same group and vertices) will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as entities or edges that are the same (e.g. same group and vertices) will be
```

the schema.

#### Considerations

There are some considerations you may wish to know when using the element merge
operator:

- This type of merging will be inherently slower than simply returning a chained
iterable of elements.
- The results must fit in the available memory of the federated store to be
merged. If the returned result size is too big you may experience significant
performance issues.
- The results will be deduplicated as part of this process e.g. two identical
entities or edges will be merged into one.
- Any filtering you might have specified in the `View` will only be applied
to the individual graph results, this means two results separately will
satisfy the `View` but once aggregated they may not.
- If you wish to write or use your own operator for merging elements the class
must extend the [`ElementAggregateOperator`](https://github.com/gchq/Gaffer/blob/develop/store-implementation/simple-federated-store/src/main/java/uk/gov/gchq/gaffer/federated/simple/merge/operator/ElementAggregateOperator.java).

## Adding and Removing Graphs

A federated stores main purpose is to hold a library of 'sub' graphs. These

> graphs are stored in the Gaffer cache so can be shared between multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
graphs are stored in the Gaffer [cache](./additional-info.md#cache-considerations) so can be shared between multiple
```
More in line with the rest of the docs

> federated stores (you can read more about the cache [here](./additional-info.md#cache-considerations)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
federated stores.
```

You can think of a graph that has been added to a federated store as essentially
a pointer to the real graph. This generally means all the information required
to create the graph in the first place (e.g. schema, store properties etc.) are
required to add the graph to a federated store. Because of this, a common design

> pattern you may wish to adopt is to have one running Accumulo cluster to which,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pattern you may wish to adopt is to have one running Accumulo cluster to which
```
